Update stylus-gentle-introduction (#1149)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/stylus/stylus-gentle-introduction.md

The Stylus SDK for Rust contains the smart contract development framework and language features most developers will need to use in Stylus. The SDK also makes it possible to perform all of the EVM-specific functionalities that smart contract developers are used to. Check out the [Rust SDK Guide](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/rust-sdk-guide) and the [Crate Docs](https://docs.rs/stylus-sdk/latest/stylus_sdk/index.html).

#### Activation

Stylus programs are compiled to WASM and then lowered to assembly. Starting from a high-level language (such as Rust, C, or C++), the first stage of compilation happens either using the CLI provided in the Stylus SDK for Rust or by using any other compiler, such as Clang for C and C++. Once compiled, the WASM is posted onchain. Then, in a process called activation, WASM gets lowered to a node's native machine code (such as ARM or x86).

> Activating a Stylus program requires a new precompile, ArbWasm. This precompile produces efficient binary code tailored to a node's native assembly. During this step, a series of middlewares ensure user programs can be safely executed and deterministically fraud-proven. Instrumentation includes gas metering, depth-checking, memory charging, and more to guarantee all WASM programs are safe for the chain to execute. Stylus contracts can only be called after they have been activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activating a Stylus program requires a new precompile, ArbWasm. This precompile produces efficient binary code tailored to a node's native assembly. During this step, a series of middlewares ensure user programs can be safely executed and deterministically fraud-proven. Instrumentation includes gas metering, depth-checking, memory charging, and more to guarantee all WASM programs are safe for the chain to execute. Stylus contracts can be called only after they've been activated.
```
